README.md, before:

# postmates-zones

A sample Node.js app that displays the Postmates zones on a map.

![Screenshot](/public/ss.png)


## Installation

Make sure git and Node.js are installed:

    brew install node git

Clone the repo and install dependencies:

    git clone git@github.com:postmates/postmates-zones.git
    npm i

Update environmental variable with Postmates auth header. Base64-encode [your API key](https://postmates.com/developer/apikey):

    export POSTMATES_AUTH='Basic Y2YyZjJkNmQtYTM___SECRET___M2MwYWYzMTY1Og=='

Update your Mapbox token in [index.ejs](views/index.ejs#L24).

## Usage

Run locally:

    node app.js

Open http://localhost:5000

This can easily be deployed on Heroku. Make sure you add the `POSTMATES_AUTH` environmental variable with `heroku config:add POSTMATES_AUTH='Basic [your auth token]'`.

## Docs

Read more on the [Postmates Developer Docs](https://postmates.com/developer/docs/endpoints#get_zones).

## Live Demo

You can see a working version of this on Heroku: [http://pmzones.herokuapp.com/](http://pmzones.herokuapp.com/)

Commit message:

Zip code search (Closes #2)
Squashed commit of the following:

commit fd5eebdc7d5171659807bf471629693caf1636fe
Author: Andrew Mager <mager@postmates.com>
Date:   Thu Mar 3 11:28:06 2016 -0800

    npm start instead, better port

commit bb3002724472b75b9a1f3cb52a91948fd0d89f33
Author: Andrew Mager <mager@postmates.com>
Date:   Thu Mar 3 11:26:53 2016 -0800

    Tweak screenshot, README, fix CSS, etc

commit 615c67c23e245e2a6026898195c30359defeeec5
Author: Andrew Mager <mager@postmates.com>
Date:   Wed Mar 2 13:57:10 2016 -0800

    Zip code search

    *TODO*:

    * Add label when zipcode boundary is created
    * Remove last zip code when hitting submit?
    * Rewrite in React/Redux

commit 9f997e8230a23e800b2411042a4d202c5b4d4fee
Author: Andrew Mager <mager@postmates.com>
Date:   Wed Mar 2 12:34:31 2016 -0800

    Better center

commit 887be48580437eb1d1935d8e78a11f6262fa7095
Author: Andrew Mager <mager@postmates.com>
Date:   Wed Mar 2 12:29:49 2016 -0800

    Working code

README.md, after:

# postmates-zones

A sample Node.js app that displays the Postmates zones on a map.

![Screenshot](/public/ss.png)

Click on a city or search by zip code.


## Installation

Make sure git and Node.js are installed:

    brew install node git

Clone the repo and install dependencies:

    git clone git@github.com:postmates/postmates-zones.git
    npm i

Update environmental variable with Postmates auth header. Base64-encode [your API key](https://postmates.com/developer/apikey):

    export POSTMATES_AUTH='Basic Y2YyZjJkNmQtYTM___SECRET___M2MwYWYzMTY1Og=='

Update your Mapbox token in [index.ejs](views/index.ejs#L24).

## Usage

Run locally:

    npm start

Open http://localhost:3000

This can easily be deployed on Heroku. Make sure you add the `POSTMATES_AUTH` environmental variable with `heroku config:add POSTMATES_AUTH='Basic [your auth token]'`.

## Docs

Read more on the [Postmates Developer Docs](https://postmates.com/developer/docs/endpoints#get_zones).

## Live Demo

You can see a working version of this on Heroku: [http://pmzones.herokuapp.com/](http://pmzones.herokuapp.com/)

## TODO

* Remove zip codes when searching for a new one
* Add label to zip code polygon
* Rewrite in React & Redux
